Pay 1112 rbac (#1994)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/credentials/credential-sharing.md

# Credential sharing

/// info | Feature availability
Available on Pro and Enterprise Cloud plans, and Enterprise self-hosted plans.
///

You can share a credential you created with other users in the same n8n workspace as you. The other users can then use the credential in their workflows. They can't access or edit the credential details.

Users can share credentials they created. Instance owners, and users with the admin role, can view and share all credentials in the instance. Refer to [Account types](/user-management/account-types/) for more information about owners and admins.

> In [projects](/user-management/rbac/), n8n automatically shares all credentials in a project with all project members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [projects](/user-management/rbac/), all users have access to workflows and credentials belonging to projects they are part of.
```
